Sean Martin
DIGIT 100
3/3/23
			                                          	Comparing Github and Wordpress
	My experience working with both Github and Wordpress for my websites was informative. 
  Both presented several challenges when working on the website itself, and they each had their strengths as well. 
  I suppose that between the two, I found Github much more challenging to maintain than Wordpress. 
  Coming from a high school that did not use laptops, and instead used iPads as the technology of choice, starting a website from the ground up was worrisome. 
  Coding itself was also entirely new to me; it was not something that I was ever taught during my time in high school.

	Starting with Github, I had more than enough problems initially when beginning coding. 
  I struggled to get my broken code corrected and also struggled with saving changes made to my website. 
  I frequently had problems with adding links, as well as with adjusting image sizes and borders. 
  I am proud with how the finished website turned out, and I am fond of the green color contrasted with the deep blue border. 
  The images are uniform and more in line with the text than they were beforehand. 
  Adding other pages through the nav bar also was difficult for me at first. 
  I struggled with getting the actual links saved through the site for easy accessibility between the “welcome” page, “gallery” page, and the “resume” page. 
  I also had some difficulty adjusting the image sizes and text on those sites as well, but eventually was able to work out those problems with proper direction. 
  My experience with Github was difficult at first, but eventually became easier and more practical the more time I spent with it.
	
  Wordpress was much easier for me to get used to in comparison to Github. 
  With Wordpress, it helped that through the Tech Academy Modules, it was mandatory to create a blog site, that eventually would become a website. 
  Having this already completed beforehand, it was much easier for me to go in and add more to my website. 
  Finding a proper website background was much easier for me than creating one through code. 
  Also, creating new pages for the website was much easier for me than it was through Github. 
  Without the necessity for code, I could include all of my images in the gallery page, my resume in the resume page, and have my introduction about myself included much more quickly than it took me to get all of those set up through Github. 
  The biggest downside is how easy it is to forget to save changes made on a website. As a whole, I prefer using Wordpress to using Github through creating and maintaining websites. 
  I found the entire process much easier and more streamlined from publishing and saving changes in Wordpress more than Github. 
  I hope to continue to use both sites in the future and to better my skills with both during my time here in school.

	In conclusion, both Github and Wordpress had their strengths and weaknesses when creating websites. 
  I found Wordpress to be much easier between the two of them, but from a more practical perspective, Github is the more informative. 
  I hope to improve my skills in coding, specifically when managing links, image sizes, and maintaining borders on a site. 
  That, in combination with how to properly use a laptop after growing used to the iPad for the past four years, is the most crucial aspect to my success further in this field. 
  Both Github and Wordpress are beginner-friendly for those, like me, who do not have any experience coding. 
  It is something I have learned that is difficult to begin with but gets easier the more it is done. 
  I hope that during my time on campus to further master how to manage a website through these websites.
  
  The link to my website on Wordpress: https://sites.psu.edu/sjmblog/
